Change default format for ecosystem checks to `markdown` (#8412)
astral-sh/ruff: python/ruff-ecosystem/README.md

ruff-ecosystem format ruff "./target/debug/ruff"
```

> The default output format is markdown, but you can use `--output-format json` to get raw data — this is

Reviewer: Which one is particularly useful when developing? Markdown or JSON?

> The default output format is markdown, but you can use `--output-format json` to get raw data — this is

Author: ```suggestion
The default output format is markdown, which includes nice summaries of the changes. You can use `--output-format json` to display the raw data — this is
```

> particularly useful when developing.

Author: ```suggestion
particularly useful when making changes to the ecosystem checks. 
```
